Life Ladder
    - Unless stated otherwise, it is the national average response to the question of life evaluations
    - “Please imagine a ladder, with steps numbered from
0 at the bottom to 10 at the top. The top of the ladder represents the best
possible life for you and the bottom of the ladder represents the worst possible
life for you. On which step of the ladder would you say you personally feel you
stand at this time?”
    - This measure is also referred to as Cantril life ladder, or
just life ladder in our analysis.

Social support
    - having someone to count on in times of trouble
    - national average of the binary responses (either 0 or 1)
    - to the GWP question “If you
were in trouble, do you have relatives or friends you can count on to help you
whenever you need them, or not?”

Freedom to make life choices
    - national average of response
    -  to the GWP
question “Are you satisfied or dissatisfied with your freedom to choose what
you do with your life?”

Generosity 
    - the residual of regressing national average of response to the GWP
question “Have you donated money to a charity in the past month?” on GDP
per capita.

Corruption Perception 
    - The measure is the national average of the survey responses to two questions in the GWP: “Is corruption widespread throughout
the government or not” and “Is corruption widespread within businesses or
not?” The overall perception is just the average of the two 0-or-1 responses.

Positive affect 
    - the average of three positive affect measures in GWP:
laugh, enjoyment and doing interesting things in the Gallup World Poll
    -  These
measures are the responses to the following three questions, respectively: “Did
you smile or laugh a lot yesterday?”, and “Did you experience the following
feelings during A LOT OF THE DAY yesterday? How about Enjoyment?”,
“Did you learn or do something interesting yesterday?”

Negative affect 
    - average of three negative affect measures in
GWP. They are worry, sadness and anger, respectively the responses to “Did
you experience the following feelings during A LOT OF THE DAY yesterday?
How about Worry?”, “Did you experience the following feelings during A LOT
OF THE DAY yesterday? How about Sadness?”, and “Did you experience the
following feelings during A LOT OF THE DAY yesterday? How about Anger?”

Institution trust
    - The first principal component of the following five measures:
confidence in the national government, confidence in the judicial system and
courts, confidence in the honesty of elections, confidence in the local police force,
and perceived corruption in business.
    - This measure is not available for all countries since not all surveys in all countries ask all of the
questions that are used to derive the principal component.

Healthy Life expectancy
    - Healthy life expectancies at birth are based
on the data extracted from the World Health Organization’s (WHO) Global
Health Observatory data repository (Last updated: 2020-12-04).
    - The data at the source are available for the years 2000, 2010, 2015 and 2019. To match this
report’s sample period, interpolation and extrapolation are used.